STEPS:
1. Open cloud console and enable billing alert to avoid overpayment
2. We ar eusing openvpn: https://openvpn.net/
3. Open console and head to marketplace and search openvpn.
4. After you get the search results; launch the openvpn, openvpn is a BYOL on GCP but GCP offers 2 free licenses. So for this test will be using the free licenses. If you require more licenses be sure to visit openvpn and purchase more.
5. Use all the defaults and wait for the deployment to complete.
6. After launch; use all the available credentials generated by gcp on the portal and head to the admin page.
7. Log in to the openvpn access server.
8. Agree to the terms and conditions of the access server.
9. On the menu look for configuration settings 
10. Find this line >>>Should client Internet traffic be routed through the VPN?
 and click yes.
11. After saving the settings update the running server.
12. You can choose to update the password too if you are going to use the vpn for a long period of time and if not you can use the google defaults.
13. To update the password you ssh to the server on the cloud console dashboard.
14. First you set up the root password with the command ::: sudo passwd root:::
15. The select the password of your choice and change
16. After the password is changed log in as root with the command :: su root::
17. Type in your password and you will have root access and priviledges to the vm
18. Now change the password for openvpn by the command :::passwd openvpn:::
19. Type exit 2 times and this will help exit the ssh window. Rule 1 Is Never To Forget Your Passwords.
20. Now we setup a static ip for our open vpn
21. Head down on the console dashboard(Navigation Menu) and select the networking option
22. Select VPC networks and the select external ip address
23. Under the type select static rather than ephermeral and name it openvpn and give it a description if necessary.
24. After that set up billing to alert you of your spending.
25. Now using the deployement manager, use the site client address provided to try and login with the new password
26. 

